it's like you a okay so if you remember
the shining armor Twilight Sparkle toy
review if you saw the into that video
you have seen my little shout out sing
I'll ask my questions because I'll be
making the Q&A and I'm not gonna Q&A so
yeah question and answers so this
morning I went on YouTube and checked
out the comments below
well it's a question guys I'm Alex I'm
an ominous Pony or something I mean so
let it got me secrets or anything
Oh our first question pink spy how is
your best friend
oh she's doing fine poppy pinkie um what
do you like to do in your spare time
other than partying making or eating
sweets oh that's a tricky one
um well I would say I'd like to play
pranks with dashi and then we come back
to mine to make cupcakes
hey pinky we're gonna dine it you meet a
lot of sweats um I don't eat sweat
I eat sweets and I just calling me fat
because if you are I will find out um
are you my main sex still friends yeah
why'd you ask that pig again pinky
Elkhorn hater Oh
get lost Twilight how'd you get in my
house okay number one why are you pink
number two are you crazy
three does look Twilight okay so because
I'm all pink I'm not interesting that's
why they took me how to build a barrier
shops in the UK so you can only buy me
online okay some chefs are lucky but
some others aren't
because they took me off the shelves
apparently I'm fine just gonna go Peng
Peng it's rude to say that it's boring
just because I'm up I'm Pinkie Pie and
oh yeah I'm not crazy
healthy kick and dance with Twilight
yeah I'm not dancing with you come on
Twilight it's for our fans
we're little two-hour show well they
like alicorns
you don't and so I'm not gonna answer
you uh what are you eating
are you stealing from the bakery
Twilight sugar cute corners clothes huh
the door was open so just dance with me
please no please no please
ha that's for the dad Twilight ok so are
the questions my question is what's your
favorite cupcake I don't know how about
every existing flavor in Equestria don't
ever talk about cheese to me don't ever
mention cheese to me okay if you were a
background Pony who would you be and why
well that's an easy one Uncle Jack oh
wow Thank You Peggy
that's wait why keep hi can you ask
Emily stop motion to subscribe to me
please because I stopped my channel when
I start watch her of course
hey Lizzy Oh what is it pinky how's the
Q&A coming along great thanks but we got
a little request from a fan Brooke what
could you subscribe to crystal ball MLP
she's been a single fan sure
cool
Oh Sees awesome treat but shut story um
hey who's best alicorn obviously weirder
for me and why did you live in a
rockfall who's best alicorn that's a
hard one um hmm shiny warmer yeah and oh
I am we're talking around farm so I
could learn earthbending didn't go very
well do you like reading like an egghead
are you cool like Rainbow well I'd like
to think I'm an egghead and able to read
books but well I'm only got finding
books but not exactly when it comes to
reading them they're just so much
interesting just get out there and
experience the stories yourself make up
your own
and as for cool labels not really cool
she's a bit of an egghead - OH
how did you get in where is everybody
coming from so I'm not cool okay yeah
sure I'm just an egghead that's that's
all there is to me well thanks pinkie
yeah thanks thanks a lot bye that was
your fault do you wish your princess
heck yeah I'd be the princess of
cupcakes
do you like anypony huh yeah I like
every pony in Equestria everypony's my
friend Ethan the ponies I haven't met
yet they're soon to be my friend Pinkie
Pie if you could let pink because I
don't know it wasn't a color or
something then what would be your
favorite color done by the way I like
pink and it would be hard to decide um I
guess my favorite color would be blue
because that's my eye color
um but should I be more concerned in
pink didn't exist because I mean
would I be I mean I wouldn't even have a
color and not being a color as a color I
mean you know you see those black and
white films people say oh they have no
color but let them white are colors so I
can be black and white I mean I could I
can be pink either so what color is no
color if I don't have pillar do I even a
my scene yeah do you really make ponies
into cupcake unnis also Betty ever tried
chicken and rice Taryn Polizzi
what is your reaction to nut cakes do
you like bananas yeah
when it's a banana flavored cupcake